Find Route Sample. (#26)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-flutter-samples: lib/samples/find_route/README.md

# Find route

Display directions for a route between two points.

![Image of find route](find_route.png)

> ![Image of directions](find_route_2.png)

Author: Yeap! It didn't produce any errors so I think we are good

## Use case

Find routes with driving directions between any number of locations. You might use the ArcGIS platform to create a custom network for routing on private roads.

## How to use the sample

> For simplicity, the sample comes loaded with a start and end stop. You can click on the Find Route button to display a route between these stops. Once the route is generated, turn-by-turn directions are shown in a list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For simplicity, the sample comes loaded with a start and end stop. You can tap on the "Route" button to display a route between these stops. Once the route is generated, tap on the "Directions" button to show turn-by-turn directions in a dialog.
```
